SPCTR-2883: Fix: Image-gallery lightbox top margin fix (#3158)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Global - Fixed an issue wherein a Google error would appear when loading Google Fonts locally with a specific font weight and family set to default.
* Fix: Global - Fixed a font resource URL breakage issue that occurs when the provided 'google_font' array contains a font family with an empty string.
* Fix: Global - Updated dynamic styling to load in FSE (Full Site Editing) template pages in the front-end for reusable blocks.

> * Fix: Image-Gallery - On Lightbox enable in frontend image-gallery layout has some extra margin on top in FSE theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved an issue in FSE themes wherein the lightbox would have an extra top-margin on the front-end.
```
